21:42
You don't sound happy. 
I'm not You see 10 years ago before we planted the garden.
This was just an empty life. 
The city gave us the tempeh to make our community garden,
All the people in the neighborhood work really hard.
We planted everything you see Flowers vegetables trees. 
We work together and made this beautiful Community Garden. 
The garden does make the neighborhood. Look nice. 
You bet it does. You should have seen this place before we planted the garden.
It had garbage on it and people just hung around.
We made it beautiful. 
Now, the city wants to remove all of this to build apartment buildings. 
I can't believe it. Well, We all know there are not enough apartments in New York, right?
Yeah, I know it too But there are other empty.
Lots in the city, They can build apartments. 
There Are there other reasons. 
This Garden is important.
Sure. Before we planted the garden, we didn't have a place to enjoy nature. 
There isn't a lot of nature in the city, you know. 
Yes, I know what you mean. This neighborhood didn't have trees or flowers,
People had no place to come and see, You know, get together with their friends and talk.
But just relax, Children didn't have a place to play either. 
Now there is a place for children to play and people to relax or meet their friends.
We have a small part of the country in the city now and a place to enjoy nature. 
Hmm. It sounds like the garden is really good for the people in the neighborhood. 
Yeah, it is Before we planted this Garden.
Some people sold drugs here. 
They didn't have jobs and didn't know how to do anything. 
Then they join this Garden and learn how to grow food. 
Now they sell vegetables, not drugs. So this Garden Todd people about plants and gave people jobs.
Yeah. And another thing. Yeah. People like me,
I grew up in the country, My family grew, all our food. 
When I move to the city, 
I lived in an apartment building with no yard,
so I couldn't grow food anymore In this community garden.
I can grow vegetables again 
And they taste great Much better than supermarket.
Vegetables. I understand. I don't like them either. 
Well, thank you for telling us about this community garden. 
Thanks for coming out here. Okay. Good luck. Take care. 
So community Gardens really give people a small part of the country in the middle of the city.
They also make the neighborhood, a nicer place to live Tomorrow night. 
We will find out what the city of New York plans to do about this Garden until then good night. 
